Resources:
    https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/

Flex property:
    1. justify-content
        a. flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
        b. flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
        c. center: Items align at the center of the container.
        d. space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
        e. space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.

    2. align-Items
        a. flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
        b. flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
        c. center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
        d. baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
        e. stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.

    3. flex-direction
        a. row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
        b. row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
        d. column: Items are placed top to bottom.
        e. column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.
    
    Note 
        1. when you set the direction to a reversed row or column, start and end are also reversed.
        2. when the flex direction is a column, justify-content changes to the vertical and align-items to the horizontal.

    4. order
        1. Sometimes reversing the row or column order of a container is not enough. In these cases, we can apply the order property to individual items. By default, items have a value of 0, but we can use this property to also set it to a positive or negative integer value (-2, -1, 0, 1, 2).

    5. align-self
        a. This property accepts the same values as align-items and its value for the specific item.

    6. flex-wrap
        a. nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
        b. wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
        c. wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.

    7. flex-flow = combination of both flex-direction and flex-wrap
        a. flex-flow: row wrap

    8. align-content:
        a. flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
        b. flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
        c. center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
        d. space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
        e. space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
        f. stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.

    9. transition
    10. transform
